docs/DUMPING-en.md, before:

# Dumping

### Pre-requisites
- Xbox 360 (modifications not necessary)
- Xbox 360 Hard Drive (20 GB minimum)
- Xbox 360 Hard Drive Transfer Cable (or a compatible SATA to USB adapter)
- Sonic Unleashed for Xbox 360 (US or EU, **JP is not supported**)
    - Retail Disc or Digital Copy (can be purchased and downloaded from the [Xbox Store](https://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/store/sonic-unleashed/c098fgnmts8f)).
    - Title Update required.
    - All available DLC (Adventure Packs) are optional, but **highly recommended**. **The DLC includes high quality lighting for the entire game**.
- [7-Zip](https://7-zip.org/download.html) (for extracting Velocity)
- [Velocity](https://github.com/Gualdimar/Velocity/releases/download/xex%2Biso-branch/Velocity-XEXISO.rar) (Gualdimar's fork)

> [!TIP]
> If you do not have the Xbox 360 Hard Drive Transfer Cable, please ensure that you purchase the correct revision of it for your console.
>
> The latest revision works with both original Xbox 360 and Xbox 360 S|E hard drives, but the first revision only works with original Xbox 360 hard drives.
>
> To know which is which, the first revision cable is gray, whereas the latest revision (which supports any Xbox 360 hard drive) is black.

### Instructions

> [!NOTE]
> If you have a digital copy of Sonic Unleashed, skip to step 4.

1. Insert your retail disc copy of Sonic Unleashed into the Xbox 360 disc tray.
2. At the Xbox Dashboard, go over to the disc tile under the **home** tab and press X to view **Game Details**.
3. Under the **overview** tab, select the **Install** tile and choose to install to the primary hard drive.
4. Once installed, turn off your Xbox 360 and remove the hard drive from your console.

> [!TIP]
> You may consult the following guides if you're unsure on how to do this:
> - [Xbox 360](https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Xbox+360+Hard+Drive+Replacement/3326)
> - [Xbox 360 S](https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Xbox+360+S+Hard+Drive+Replacement/3184)
> - [Xbox 360 E](https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Xbox+360+E+Hard+Drive+Replacement/22179)

5. Using the Xbox 360 Hard Drive Transfer Cable (or compatible SATA to USB adapter), connect your Xbox 360 hard drive to your PC.

> [!CAUTION]
> If you're using an unofficial SATA to USB adapter, you may need to remove the hard drive from its enclosure in order to connect it.
>
> For original Xbox 360 hard drives, this process is as simple as [removing some screws and cracking open the enclosure](https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Xbox+360+HDD+Replacement/3430).
>
> For Xbox 360 S|E hard drives, this enclosure is glued shut and removing the hard drive may be an irreversible process!
>
> **It is highly recommended** that you obtain the official Xbox 360 Hard Drive Transfer Cable in order to proceed.

6. Download [the latest release of Velocity](https://github.com/Gualdimar/Velocity/releases/download/xex%2Biso-branch/Velocity-XEXISO.rar) and open the `*.rar` file using [7-Zip](https://7-zip.org/download.html), then extract its contents anywhere that's convenient to you.
7. Create a new folder anywhere that's convenient to you for storing the game files.

> [!NOTE]
> If you're using Linux, skip to step 9.

8. Right-click `Velocity.exe` and click **Properties**, then under the **Compatibility** tab, tick **Run this program as an administrator** and click **OK**. This is required in order for the program to recognize the hard drive. You can now launch `Velocity.exe`.
9. You should see a **Device Detected** message appear on launch asking if you would like to open the **Device Content Viewer**. Click **Yes**.
10. You should now see a tree view of your hard drive's contents. Expand the tree nodes for `/Shared Items/Games/` (and optionally `/Shared Items/DLC/`, if you have the DLC installed).
11. Hold the CTRL key and click on **SONIC UNLEASHED** under the `Games` node, as well as the **Adventure Pack(s)** under the `DLC` node, if you have the DLC installed. Ensure all are selected before the next step.
12. Right-click any of the selected items and click **Copy Selected to Local Disk**, then navigate to the folder you created in step 7 and select it. Velocity will now begin copying the game files to your PC.
13. Once the transfer is complete, close the **Device Content Viewer** window and navigate to **Tools > Device Tools > Raw Device Viewer**.
14. Navigate to `/Content/Cache/` and click the **Name** column to sort by name. Look for a file that begins with `TU_19KA20I`, this is the title update which is required for installation.

> [!TIP]
> If you wish to verify that the contents of this file are correct, you may double-click on it to open it in **Package Viewer** and confirm that `default.xexp` exists inside, along with a folder called `work`.
>
> Once you've verified it, close the **Package Viewer** window and proceed to the next step.

15. Right-click on the file that begins with `TU_19KA20I` and click **Copy Selected to Local Disk**, then navigate to the folder you created in step 7 and select it. Velocity will now begin copying the title update to your PC.
16. Once the transfer is complete, you should now have all of the necessary files for installation. [Return to the readme and proceed to the next step](/README.md#how-to-install).

Commit message:

Add a guide for dumping the game using a USB storage device (#1471)
* Update README dumping requirements and instructions
Include the option of using a USB storage device for dumping game files in the README.

* Add note to hard drive dumping instructions
Clarify that the instructions for dumping game files directly from the Xbox 360 hard drive differ from those for using a USB storage device by adding a note to the hard drive dumping guide.

* Add dumping guide for USB storage devices
Add a comprehensive guide for dumping the game using a USB storage device instead of a Hard Drive Transfer Cable.

* Apply suggestions from the review

Co-authored-by: Hyper <34012267+hyperbx@users.noreply.github.com>

* Implement additional suggestions from the review
- Rename the file to ```DUMPING-USB-en.md```.
- Add Xbox 360 E to the note about incompatible consoles.
- Move the note under the Pre-requisites section.

---------

Co-authored-by: Hyper <34012267+hyperbx@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/DUMPING-en.md, after:

# Dumping

> [!NOTE]
> The following guide is for dumping the game from an Xbox 360 hard drive.
>
> If you wish to use a USB storage device, use [this guide](DUMPING-USB-en.md) instead.

### Pre-requisites
- Xbox 360 (modifications not necessary)
- Xbox 360 Hard Drive (20 GB minimum)
- Xbox 360 Hard Drive Transfer Cable (or a compatible SATA to USB adapter)
- Sonic Unleashed for Xbox 360 (US or EU, **JP is not supported**)
    - Retail Disc or Digital Copy (can be purchased and downloaded from the [Xbox Store](https://www.xbox.com/en-US/games/store/sonic-unleashed/c098fgnmts8f)).
    - Title Update required.
    - All available DLC (Adventure Packs) are optional, but **highly recommended**. **The DLC includes high quality lighting for the entire game**.
- [7-Zip](https://7-zip.org/download.html) (for extracting Velocity)
- [Velocity](https://github.com/Gualdimar/Velocity/releases/download/xex%2Biso-branch/Velocity-XEXISO.rar) (Gualdimar's fork)

> [!TIP]
> If you do not have the Xbox 360 Hard Drive Transfer Cable, please ensure that you purchase the correct revision of it for your console.
>
> The latest revision works with both original Xbox 360 and Xbox 360 S|E hard drives, but the first revision only works with original Xbox 360 hard drives.
>
> To know which is which, the first revision cable is gray, whereas the latest revision (which supports any Xbox 360 hard drive) is black.

### Instructions

> [!NOTE]
> If you have a digital copy of Sonic Unleashed, skip to step 4.

1. Insert your retail disc copy of Sonic Unleashed into the Xbox 360 disc tray.
2. At the Xbox Dashboard, go over to the disc tile under the **home** tab and press X to view **Game Details**.
3. Under the **overview** tab, select the **Install** tile and choose to install to the primary hard drive.
4. Once installed, turn off your Xbox 360 and remove the hard drive from your console.

> [!TIP]
> You may consult the following guides if you're unsure on how to do this:
> - [Xbox 360](https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Xbox+360+Hard+Drive+Replacement/3326)
> - [Xbox 360 S](https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Xbox+360+S+Hard+Drive+Replacement/3184)
> - [Xbox 360 E](https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Xbox+360+E+Hard+Drive+Replacement/22179)

5. Using the Xbox 360 Hard Drive Transfer Cable (or compatible SATA to USB adapter), connect your Xbox 360 hard drive to your PC.

> [!CAUTION]
> If you're using an unofficial SATA to USB adapter, you may need to remove the hard drive from its enclosure in order to connect it.
>
> For original Xbox 360 hard drives, this process is as simple as [removing some screws and cracking open the enclosure](https://www.ifixit.com/Guide/Xbox+360+HDD+Replacement/3430).
>
> For Xbox 360 S|E hard drives, this enclosure is glued shut and removing the hard drive may be an irreversible process!
>
> **It is highly recommended** that you obtain the official Xbox 360 Hard Drive Transfer Cable in order to proceed.

6. Download [the latest release of Velocity](https://github.com/Gualdimar/Velocity/releases/download/xex%2Biso-branch/Velocity-XEXISO.rar) and open the `*.rar` file using [7-Zip](https://7-zip.org/download.html), then extract its contents anywhere that's convenient to you.
7. Create a new folder anywhere that's convenient to you for storing the game files.

> [!NOTE]
> If you're using Linux, skip to step 9.

8. Right-click `Velocity.exe` and click **Properties**, then under the **Compatibility** tab, tick **Run this program as an administrator** and click **OK**. This is required in order for the program to recognize the hard drive. You can now launch `Velocity.exe`.
9. You should see a **Device Detected** message appear on launch asking if you would like to open the **Device Content Viewer**. Click **Yes**.
10. You should now see a tree view of your hard drive's contents. Expand the tree nodes for `/Shared Items/Games/` (and optionally `/Shared Items/DLC/`, if you have the DLC installed).
11. Hold the CTRL key and click on **SONIC UNLEASHED** under the `Games` node, as well as the **Adventure Pack(s)** under the `DLC` node, if you have the DLC installed. Ensure all are selected before the next step.
12. Right-click any of the selected items and click **Copy Selected to Local Disk**, then navigate to the folder you created in step 7 and select it. Velocity will now begin copying the game files to your PC.
13. Once the transfer is complete, close the **Device Content Viewer** window and navigate to **Tools > Device Tools > Raw Device Viewer**.
14. Navigate to `/Content/Cache/` and click the **Name** column to sort by name. Look for a file that begins with `TU_19KA20I`, this is the title update which is required for installation.

> [!TIP]
> If you wish to verify that the contents of this file are correct, you may double-click on it to open it in **Package Viewer** and confirm that `default.xexp` exists inside, along with a folder called `work`.
>
> Once you've verified it, close the **Package Viewer** window and proceed to the next step.

15. Right-click on the file that begins with `TU_19KA20I` and click **Copy Selected to Local Disk**, then navigate to the folder you created in step 7 and select it. Velocity will now begin copying the title update to your PC.
16. Once the transfer is complete, you should now have all of the necessary files for installation. [Return to the readme and proceed to the next step](/README.md#how-to-install).
